password: test1234

email: admin@natours.io
role: admin

email: steve@example.com
role: lead-guide

email: aarav@example.com
role: lead-guide

email: miyah@example.com
role: lead-guide

email: leo@example.com
role: guide

email: jennifer@example.com
role: guide

email: kate@example.com
role: guide

email: ben@example.com
role: guide

email: eliana@example.com
role: user

email: chris@example.com
role: user

email: loulou@example.com
role: user

email: sophie@example.com
role: user

email: ayls@example.com
role: user

email: laura@example.com
role: user

email: max@example.com
role: user

email: isabel@example.com
role: user

email: alex@example.com
role: user

email: edu@example.com
role: user

email: john@example.com
role: user

email: lisa@example.com
role: user